README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Harits! ദ്ദി(˵ •̀ ᴗ - ˵ ) ✧

### 🤖 Robotics Engineer and Control System Specialist

I am an **Electrical/Control Engineering graduate** currently interns as a **Robotics Engineer** at the **Indonesia Chip Design Collaborative Center (ICDeC)**.

| 🦾 Robotics | 🔌 Embedded Systems | 🎛️ Control Theory | 📊 Data & ML |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![ROS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ROS-22314E?style=for-the-badge&logo=ros&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)

---

### 🚀 Featured Projects

#### 🔋 Energy & Control Systems

| Project | Description & Tech |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Adaptive H-∞ Battery Filter** | **State-of-the-art SoC Estimation.** Developed a 3rd-Order Equivalent Circuit Model (ECM) with online parameter calculation via Recursive Least Squares (RLS).<br><br>![Matlab](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matlab-MathWorks-orange) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-Data-blue) ![Control Theory](https://img.shields.io/badge/Control-H_Infinity-red) |
| **Xirkabit Block Platform** | **EdTech for Embedded Systems.** Built a MakeCode/Block-based programming interface for Xirkabit board to facilitate learning.<br><br>![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-MakeCode-blue) ![Embedded](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hardware-Xirka-lightgrey) |

#### 👁️ Computer Vision & Machine Learning

| Project | Description & Tech |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Smart Bus Stop Monitor** | **Real-time Monitoring at FTUI.** Implemented crowd density detection (YOLOv8) and vehicle speed calibration using dual distance sensors.<br><br>![YOLOv8](https://img.shields.io/badge/CV-YOLOv8-green) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-Vision-blue) ![Sensors](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hardware-Ultrasonic-lightgrey) |
| **Papua Wildfire Prediction** | **Environmental Satellite Monitoring.** Classification model to predict wildfire potential using Earth Engine data.<br><br>![GEE](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google-Earth_Engine-green) ![ML](https://img.shields.io/badge/ML-Classification-blue) |
| **Job Market Scraper** | **Data Automation.** Selenium bot to aggregate vacancies from Kalibrr, Glints, & Jobstreet for analysis.<br><br>![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bot-Selenium-43B02A) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-Scripting-blue) |

---

### 🚧 Experimental & Ongoing

> *Exploring the depths of algorithms from scratch.*

* **🤖 Mecanum Robot RL** `Simulation`
    * Implementing **Reinforcement Learning** (PPO) agents to control a mecanum robot in an OpenGL environment.
    * ![OpenGL](https://img.shields.io/badge/Graphics-OpenGL-white) ![RL](https://img.shields.io/badge/Algorithm-PPO-red)

* **🧠 CNN from Scratch** `Deep Learning`
    * Building Convolutional Neural Networks purely from foundational math (No high-level APIs).
    * ![Math](https://img.shields.io/badge/Math-Linear_Algebra-lightgrey) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-NumPy-blue)

---

### 📚 Continuous Learning

*I continuously learn across many different fields which I find interesting. On my Github, most notably, you can view my problem set on CS50 Classes*

![CS50 SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/CS50-SQL-black?style=flat-square)
![CS50 Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/CS50-Python-black?style=flat-square)
![CS50 R](https://img.shields.io/badge/CS50-R-black?style=flat-square)

---

### 📫 Connect

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Haritsyam%20Anshari-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/haritsyam-anshari/)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Me-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />](mailto:harits.edu@gmail.com)

Commit message:

Improve README formatting and content
Updated README to enhance formatting and clarify tech stack.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Harits! ദ്ദി(˵ •̀ ᴗ - ˵ ) ✧

### 👾 Robotics Engineer and Control System Specialist

I am an **Electrical/Control Engineering graduate** currently interns as a **Robotics Engineer** at the **Indonesia Chip Design Collaborative Center (ICDeC)**.

| <|°_°|> Robotics | 🔌 Embedded Systems | 🎛️ Control Theory | 📊 Data & ML |
| :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

Tho, It seems like I have very little tech stacks, I assure you, that on a basic level, I actually learn many things.

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?style=for-the-badge&logo=r&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

---

### 🚀 Featured Projects

#### 🔋 Energy & Control Systems

| Project | Description & Tech |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Adaptive H-∞ Battery Filter** | **State-of-the-art SoC Estimation.** Developed a 3rd-Order Equivalent Circuit Model (ECM) with online parameter calculation via Recursive Least Squares (RLS).<br><br>![Matlab](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matlab-MathWorks-orange) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-Data-blue) ![Control Theory](https://img.shields.io/badge/Control-H_Infinity-red) |
| **Xirkabit Block Platform** | **EdTech for Embedded Systems.** Built a MakeCode/Block-based programming interface for Xirkabit board to facilitate learning.<br><br>![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-MakeCode-blue) ![Embedded](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hardware-Xirka-lightgrey) |

#### 👁️ Computer Vision & Machine Learning

| Project | Description & Tech |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Smart Bus Stop Monitor** | **Real-time Monitoring at FTUI.** Implemented crowd density detection (YOLOv8) and vehicle speed calibration using dual distance sensors.<br><br>![YOLOv8](https://img.shields.io/badge/CV-YOLOv8-green) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-Vision-blue) ![Sensors](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hardware-Ultrasonic-lightgrey) |
| **Papua Wildfire Prediction** | **Environmental Satellite Monitoring.** Classification model to predict wildfire potential using Earth Engine data.<br><br>![GEE](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google-Earth_Engine-green) ![ML](https://img.shields.io/badge/ML-Classification-blue) |
| **Job Market Scraper** | **Data Automation.** Selenium bot to aggregate vacancies from Kalibrr, Glints, & Jobstreet for analysis.<br><br>![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bot-Selenium-43B02A) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-Scripting-blue) |

---

### 🚧 Experimental & Ongoing

> *Exploring the depths of algorithms from scratch.*

* **🤖 Mecanum Robot RL** `Simulation`
    * Implementing **Reinforcement Learning** (PPO) agents to control a mecanum robot in an OpenGL environment.
    * ![OpenGL](https://img.shields.io/badge/Graphics-OpenGL-white) ![RL](https://img.shields.io/badge/Algorithm-PPO-red)

* **🧠 CNN from Scratch** `Deep Learning`
    * Building Convolutional Neural Networks purely from foundational math (No high-level APIs).
    * ![Math](https://img.shields.io/badge/Math-Linear_Algebra-lightgrey) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-NumPy-blue)

---

### 📚 Continuous Learning

*I continuously learn across many different fields which I find interesting. On my Github, most notably, you can view my problem set on CS50 Classes*

![CS50 SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/CS50-SQL-black?style=flat-square)
![CS50 Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/CS50-Python-black?style=flat-square)
![CS50 R](https://img.shields.io/badge/CS50-R-black?style=flat-square)

---

### 📫 Connect

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Haritsyam%20Anshari-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/haritsyam-anshari/)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Me-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />](mailto:harits.edu@gmail.com)
